Over the last lectures we compared these frameworks and I prepared a couple of topics we had to look
at to see what the frameworks are good at.
Now if we have a look at this final slide it looks super simple view chances the winner followed by
react is that the case.
It's not that simple.
First of all we have to keep in mind that you have to weigh the topics I presented there.
The hard learning curve of Angler might not matter to you hard doesn't mean impossible.
It might be worth taking the effort because what you get really is an awesome framework.
Personally I like angular a lot.
Additionally the fact that it isn't suited for a multi-page application that might also not matter too
much.
Maybe you didn't plan to use it there.
Maybe you plan to create a modern single page application and medium size to big application even and
then angler's perfectly fine word that even is the winner here.
So that is how you should read it.
Don't just have a look at the slide and say OK two minors and well only two green pluss.
That's a loser.
That's not how it works.
On the other hand you might say future ass is definitely my choice because it's easy to learn and it
exactly fits the job I need it for and I don't care about the fact that there aren't that many jobs
because I only needed for my personal project or I already have some clients I can surf because I'm
a freelancer.
That might be valid results or that might be valid conclusions too.
So take the slide and take the last lectures as a starting point of your own analysis and also make
sure to go through the modules where I give you a brief introduction into each of the three frameworks.
If you enjoy working with them well that's worth more than any slide I can present to you because of
you.
For example I started working with angler and decided I really love typescript.
I love this project set up then the learning curve argument here probably doesn't matter for you or
probably is even wrong for you because you have an easier time learning it than other people might have.
And the same of course is true for view and react.
Play around with them.
Try them out.
Then decide which one you want to dive into deeper and also keep in mind you can always learn more than
one framework.